Add a disclaimer about author's mindset on top of README. (#373)
RIAEvangelist/node-ipc: README.md

⚠️ DISCLAIMER
===

> DO NOT use or update this module if you or your production servers etc. are located in Belarus. Author of this package forgot the diffrence between activism and vandalism and put a malicious code to wipe out data and put "❤️" on where they were. You are warned about this sick mindseet. Use on your own risk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DO NOT use or update this module if you or your production servers etc. are located in a country actively involved in the invasion of Ukraine. Author of this package opposes said invasion and put a malicious code to wipe out data and put "❤️" on where they were. You are warned about this feature. Use on your own risk.
```
